--- Purpose:
This document is the Requirement Analysis and Specification Document for the Travlendar+ application. Its aim is
to inform about what the application offers, about requirements and goals that the system must present. This document 
offers also an analysis of the world and of the shared phenomena regarding Travlendar+. RASD contains class diagram 
to show domain model and other diagrams which illustrate, with more details, transactions of the functionality of the 
application.


--- Scope:
Travlendar+ is an application that allows people who use it to organize and track their appointments and meeting by 
registering them into the application. A person becomes an User of Travlendar+ by registering himself on the form. 
After this phase, user can start to use basic functionality of the app (e.g. register appointments and organize meetings). 

When User creates an event, he can consider, for the travel, eventual passengers or baggages, so the app suggests the better 
trip choice. Travlendar+ allows users to visualize their planned schedule too. The app works considering some constraint aspects 
that can influence travels and trips (e.g. wheatear conditions, strikes, etc.). 

The dynamicity of the software allows user to set some personal preferences, for example set a flexible break window time for 
having free time, choose eco-friendly solutions for his trips, make a list of favourite transportation means. 

The system interfaces with other firms (e.g. transportation company, territory maps company, sharing transportation company) 
that allows user to increment usability of the app. User has the possibility to compile an initial configuration to use 
all the functionality that Travlendar+ offers. He can buy tickets and pass for transportation means and he can use sharing services 
by serving GPS in his mobile device.  Because of this innovative technique a User of Travlendar+ has the possibility to monitor in 
real time the presence of vehicles to rent. 

The app allows user to create meeting and to invite other users of the app facilitating communication issues. The goal of Travlendar+ 
is to organize in the better way all daily commitments of his users considering all the possible problems that can be cause by external agents. 
